1、 One day a bookseller(书商）let a big box of books fall on his foot. "Go to see the doctor," said his wife. "No" he said. "I'll wait until the doctor comes into the shop next time. Then I'll ask him about my foot. If l go to see him, I'll have to pay him." On the next day the doctor came into the shop for some books. When the bookseller was getting them ready, he told the doctor about his bad foot. The doctor looked at it. "You must put that foot in hot water every night. Then you must put something on it, "said the doctor. He took out a piece of paper and wrote on it. "Buy this and put it on the foot before you go to bed every night. " he said. "Thank you, "said the bookseller." And now, sir, here are your books. "How much?" said the doctor. "Two pounds." "Good," said the doctor. "I shall not have to pay you anything." "Why?" asked the bookseller. "I told you about your foot. I want two pounds for that, If people come to my house. I ask them to pay one pound for a small thing like that. But when I go to their houses. I want two pounds. And I came here didn't l?

有一天，一个书商（书商）让一大盒书掉在他脚上。”“去看医生，”他妻子说。“不，”他说。我等医生下次来店里。那我就问他我的脚。如果我去看他，我就得付钱给他。”第二天，医生来商店买书。当书商准备好后，他告诉医生他的脚不好。医生看了看。”你必须每晚把那只脚放在热水里。医生说：“那么你必须在上面涂点东西。”他拿出一张纸写在上面。”每天晚上睡觉前把它买下来放在脚上。”他说。“谢谢你，”书商说，“现在，先生，这是你的书。”多少钱？”医生说。两磅。“很好，”医生说。我不必付给你任何东西。“为什么？”书商问道。我跟你说过你的脚。如果有人来我家，我要两英镑。我让他们花一英镑买一件这样的小东西。但当我去他们家的时候。我想要两磅。我来这里不是吗？


1、 What happened to the bookseller one day?
AHe lost a box of books
BHis foot was wounded by a box of books
CHe lent the doctor a box of books
DHe sold out all his books
正确答案：B

1.有一天书商出了什么事？
一盒书丢了
比斯脚被一盒书伤了
车借给医生一盒书
他把所有的书都卖光了

  

2、 The bookseller's wife asked him
Ato go out for some medicine
Bto send somebody for a doctor
Cto go to see the doctor
Dto wait for the doctor to come
正确答案：C

  2.书商的妻子问他
ATO出去吃点药
B派人去请医生
CTO去看医生
等医生来

3、 The bookseller didn't take his wifes advice because
Ahe was afraid of the doctor
Bhe didn't like to take medicine
Che couldnt walk by himself
Dhe didn't want to pay the doctor
正确答案：D

  3.书商没有接受他妻子的建议，因为
他害怕医生
他不喜欢吃药
切不能自己走
DHE不想给医生钱

4、 The doctor paid for the books
Aone pound
Btwo pounds
Cnothing
Dsomething
正确答案：C

  4、医生付账
A一磅
B两磅
海洛因
D测量

5、 The bookseller paid money for seeing the doctor in the end
Amore
Bless
Cthe same amount of
Dno
正确答案：A

  5、书商最后付钱看病。
阿莫尔
祝福
C相同数量的
挪威船级社

2、 There was a bookseller(书商）. One day a big box of books fell on his foot. "Go to see the doctor," said his wife, "and show that foot to him." "No," he said, "I'll wait until the doctor comes to our shop next time. Then I'll ask him about my foot. If I go to see him, I shall have to pay(付款）." On the next day the doctor came to the shop to buy some books. When the bookseller was getting them ready, he told the doctor about his bad foot. The doctor looked at it. “You must put that foot in hot water every night. Then you must put something on it," said the doctor. He took out a piece of paper and wrote something on it." Buy this medicine and put it on the foot before you go to bed every night," he said. "Thank you," said the bookseller, "And now, sir, here are your books." "How much?" asked the doctor. "Two pounds(英镑）.""Oh, good," said the doctor. "I shall not have to pay you anything today." "Why?" asked the bookseller. "I told you about your foot. I want two pounds for that. If people come to my houses , I ask them to pay one pound for a small thing like that. But when I go to their houses, I usually charge two pounds. And I came here today, didn't l?”
有个书商。有一天，一大盒书掉在了他的脚上。”“去看医生，”他妻子说，“把那只脚给他看。”“不，”他说，“我等医生下次来我们店里。那我就问他我的脚。如果我去看他，我就得付（付款）。“第二天，医生来商店买一些书。当书商准备好后，他告诉医生他的脚不好。医生看了一下。“你必须每晚把脚放在热水里。医生说：“那么你必须在上面涂点东西。”他拿出一张纸，在上面写了一些东西。“买这种药，每晚睡觉前把它放在脚上，”他说。“谢谢你，”书商说，“现在，先生，这是你的书。”“多少钱？”医生问。两磅。“哦，很好，”医生说。我今天不必付给你任何东西。“为什么？”书商问道。我跟你说过你的脚。我要两英镑。如果有人来我家，我会让他们花一英镑买一件这样的小东西。但当我去他们家时，我通常要收两英镑。我今天来这里，不是吗？他说：“这是一个很好的选择。”


1、 What happened to the bookseller one day?
AHe lost a box of books
BHis foot was wounded by a box of books
CHe lent the doctor a box of books
DHe sold out all his books
正确答案：B

  1.有一天书商出了什么事？
一盒书丢了
比斯脚被一盒书伤了
车借给医生一盒书
他把所有的书都卖光了

2、 The bookseller's wife asked him_____
ATo go out for some medicine
BTo send somebody for a doctor
CTo go to see the doctor
DTo wait for the doctor to come
正确答案：C

  2.书商的妻子问他___
ATO出去吃点药
B派人去请医生
CTO去看医生
等医生来

3、 The bookseller didn't take his wife's advice because_____
AHe was afraid of the doctor
BHe didn't like to take medicine
CHe couldn't walk by himself
DHe didn't want to pay the doctor
正确答案：D

  3.书商没有采纳他妻子的建议，因为___
他害怕医生
他不喜欢吃药
切不能自己走
DHE不想给医生钱

4、 The doctor paid _____for the books
Aone pound
Btwo pounds
Cnothing
Dsomething
正确答案：C

4.医生付钱买书。
A一磅
B两磅
海洛因
D测量  

5、 The bookseller paid _____money for seeing the doctor in the end
Amore
Bless
Cthe same amount of
Dno
正确答案：A

  5、书商付了看病费。
阿莫尔
祝福
C相同数量的
挪威船级社

3、 Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king' s palace in England. Then workers were sent for and a big platform(平台）was made. With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready. Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he did not know it because he was thinking of his pictures. The worker saw everything. "What should I do?" he thought." Thornhill is at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed . "So the worker quickly took some paint(颜料） and threw it at the picture. "What are you doing?" cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures. Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king' s palace in England. Then workers were sent for and a big platform(平台）was made. With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready. Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he did not know it because he was thinking of his pictures. The worker saw everything. "What should I do?" he thought." Thornhill is at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed . "So the worker quickly took some paint(颜料） and threw it at the picture. "What are you doing?" cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures. Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king' s palace in England. Then workers were sent for and a big platform(平台）was made. With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready. Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he did not know it because he was thinking of his pictures. The worker saw everything. "What should I do?" he thought." Thornhill is at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed . "So the worker quickly took some paint(颜料） and threw it at the picture. "What are you doing?" cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures. Once James Thornhill, a famous English painter, was asked to paint some pictures on the walls of the king' s palace in England. Then workers were sent for and a big platform(平台）was made. With the help of a worker, Thornhill started painting on the platform. They worked for a whole year and at last the pictures were ready. Thornhill was happy when he looked at the pictures, for they were really beautiful. He looked at them for a long time, and then took one step back and looked again. Now the pictures were even more beautiful. He took another step, then another. Finally he was at the very edge of the platform, but he did not know it because he was thinking of his pictures. The worker saw everything. "What should I do?" he thought." Thornhill is at the very edge of the platform. If I cry out, he will take another step, fall off it and surely be killed . "So the worker quickly took some paint(颜料） and threw it at the picture. "What are you doing?" cried the painter, running quickly forward to his pictures.
3.有一次，英国著名画家詹姆斯·桑希尔被要求在英格兰国王宫殿的墙壁上绘画。然后，工人们被派去，搭建了一个大平台。在一名工人的帮助下，桑希尔开始在平台上绘画。他们工作了整整一年，终于把照片准备好了。桑希尔看到这些照片时很高兴，因为它们真的很漂亮。他看了他们很长时间，然后退了一步再看。现在照片更漂亮了。他又走了一步，然后又走了一步。最后他来到了讲台的边缘，但他不知道，因为他在想他的照片。工人看到了一切。”我该怎么办？”他想，“桑希尔就在月台的边缘。我若呼喊，他必再走一步，从那里掉下来，必定被杀。”于是，工人很快拿了一些颜料（颜料）扔到了照片上。”你在干什么？”画家喊道，急忙跑向他的画。有一次，英国著名画家詹姆斯·桑希尔被要求在英格兰国王宫殿的墙壁上绘画。然后，工人们被派去，搭建了一个大平台。在一名工人的帮助下，桑希尔开始在平台上绘画。他们工作了整整一年，终于把照片准备好了。桑希尔看到这些照片时很高兴，因为它们真的很漂亮。他看了他们很长时间，然后退了一步再看。现在照片更漂亮了。他又走了一步，然后又走了一步。最后他来到了讲台的边缘，但他不知道，因为他在想他的照片。工人看到了一切。”我该怎么办？”他想，“桑希尔就在月台的边缘。我若呼喊，他必再走一步，从那里掉下来，必定被杀。”于是，工人很快拿了一些颜料（颜料）扔到了照片上。”你在干什么？”画家喊道，急忙跑向他的画。有一次，英国著名画家詹姆斯·桑希尔被要求在英格兰国王宫殿的墙壁上绘画。然后，工人们被派去，搭建了一个大平台。在一名工人的帮助下，桑希尔开始在平台上绘画。他们工作了整整一年，终于把照片准备好了。桑希尔看到这些照片时很高兴，因为它们真的很漂亮。他看了他们很长时间，然后退了一步再看。现在照片更漂亮了。他又走了一步，然后又走了一步。最后他来到了讲台的边缘，但他不知道，因为他在想他的照片。工人看到了一切。”我该怎么办？”他想，“桑希尔就在月台的边缘。我若呼喊，他必再走一步，从那里掉下来，必定被杀。”于是，工人很快拿了一些颜料（颜料）扔到了照片上。”你在干什么？”画家喊道，急忙跑向他的画。有一次，英国著名画家詹姆斯·桑希尔被要求在英格兰国王宫殿的墙壁上绘画。然后，工人们被派去，搭建了一个大平台。在一名工人的帮助下，桑希尔开始在平台上绘画。他们工作了整整一年，终于把照片准备好了。桑希尔看到这些照片时很高兴，因为它们真的很漂亮。他看了他们很长时间，然后退了一步再看。现在照片更漂亮了。他又走了一步，然后又走了一步。最后他来到了讲台的边缘，但他不知道，因为他在想他的照片。工人看到了一切。”我该怎么办？”他想，“桑希尔就在月台的边缘。我若呼喊，他必再走一步，从那里掉下来，必定被杀。”于是，工人很快拿了一些颜料（颜料）扔到了照片上。”你在干什么？”画家喊道，急忙跑向他的画。


1、 James Thornhill was an English_____
Aworker
Bartist
Cking
Dwriter
正确答案：B

  詹姆斯·桑希尔是个英国人___
工人
巴特主义者
正在检查
德怀特

2、 He was ordered to_____
APaint the wall of the king's palace in England
BPaint some pictures on the wall of the palace
CBuild a big platform in front of the palace
DPut up some new pictures on the old wall
正确答案：B

  2.他被命令___
把英格兰国王宫殿的墙壁钉上
B在宫殿的墙上画些画
C在宫殿前面建一个大平台
在旧墙上画些新画

3、 It took them_____ to finish the pictures
Aa monthr
Ba week
Ctwelve months
Dhalf a month
正确答案：C

  3.他们花了很多时间完成了照片。
AA月
BA周
C每个月
达尔夫一个月

4、 James Thornhill felt that the he was from the pictures, the_____ they were
Anearer…more beautiful
Bfarther…more ugly
Cfarther…more beautiful
Dhigher above…more good-looking
正确答案：C

  4.詹姆斯·桑希尔觉得他是从照片中看到的，他们是
一个…更漂亮
B伙伴……更丑
C艺术家…更美
上面的高…更好看

5、 The worker threw some paint at the pictures in order to______
Asave James ' life
Bdestroy the picture
Cmake the picture more beautiful
Dmake the king angry
正确答案：A

  5.工人往照片上扔了一些油漆，以便____
Asave James的生活
B拍摄照片
C让画面更美
让国王生气

4、 Morgan Rees has always been a good businessman. He used to own three petrol stations and was busy most of the time. When he was 65, the normal retirement age, he decided that he didn't want to stop, so he carried on working for another two years. Eventually, when he was nearly 68,his wife, Dolly, asked him to retire because she wanted to enjoy their old age together. Reluctantly, he handed over the business to his son. But he was unhappy. He didn't know what to do with himself. Although he read a lot of books and he went on holiday to interesting places with his wife, he was bored and began to get depressed because he hated being retired. Then one day he saw an advertisement in the newspaper and, without telling his wife, he bought a small crockery factory. The next week he told his family. They were horrified and worried. They thought he was too old at 71 to start work again. He is now 76 and he has expanded the company considerably. He has increased the number of staff from 6 to 24 and he has found many new customers for the products. He has developed the export market and has improved profits by 200%.He has opened a new design office and employed three young designers. They have been all over the world to get new ideas, and one of them has gone to France this week to a major trade fair. Most importantly ,he hasn't been bored since he bought the factory. Morgan Rees has always been a good businessman. He used to own three petrol stations and was busy most of the time. When he was 65, the normal retirement age, he decided that he didn't want to stop, so he carried on working for another two years. Eventually, when he was nearly 68,his wife, Dolly, asked him to retire because she wanted to enjoy their old age together. Reluctantly, he handed over the business to his son. But he was unhappy. He didn't know what to do with himself. Although he read a lot of books and he went on holiday to interesting places with his wife, he was bored and began to get depressed because he hated being retired. Then one day he saw an advertisement in the newspaper and, without telling his wife, he bought a small crockery factory. The next week he told his family. They were horrified and worried. They thought he was too old at 71 to start work again. He is now 76 and he has expanded the company considerably. He has increased the number of staff from 6 to 24 and he has found many new customers for the products. He has developed the export market and has improved profits by 200%.He has opened a new design office and employed three young designers. They have been all over the world to get new ideas, and one of them has gone to France this week to a major trade fair. Most importantly ,he hasn't been bored since he bought the factory.
摩根·里斯一直是个好商人。他以前有三个加油站，大部分时间都很忙。当他65岁，也就是正常的退休年龄时，他决定不想停止工作，于是他又继续工作了两年。最后，当他快68岁的时候，他的妻子多莉要求他退休，因为她想和他们一起享受晚年时光。他不情愿地把生意交给了儿子。但他不高兴。他不知道该怎么处理自己。尽管他读了很多书，和妻子一起去了有趣的地方度假，但他感到无聊，因为他讨厌退休而开始沮丧。后来有一天，他在报纸上看到一则广告，没有告诉妻子，他买了一家小陶器厂。下周他告诉了家人。他们既害怕又担心。他们认为71岁的他太大了，不能再工作了。他现在76岁了，已经大大扩大了公司的规模。他将员工数量从6人增加到24人，并为产品找到了许多新客户。他开发了出口市场，利润提高了200%，开了一家新的设计事务所，雇佣了三名年轻的设计师。他们到世界各地寻求新的想法，其中一人本周去了法国参加一个大型的贸易展览会。最重要的是，自从他买下这家工厂以来，他一直没有感到厌烦。摩根·里斯一直是个好商人。他以前有三个加油站，大部分时间都很忙。当他65岁，也就是正常的退休年龄时，他决定不想停止工作，于是他又继续工作了两年。最后，当他快68岁的时候，他的妻子多莉要求他退休，因为她想和他们一起享受晚年时光。他不情愿地把生意交给了儿子。但他不高兴。他不知道该怎么处理自己。尽管他读了很多书，和妻子一起去了有趣的地方度假，但他感到无聊，因为他讨厌退休而开始沮丧。后来有一天，他在报纸上看到一则广告，没有告诉妻子，他买了一家小陶器厂。下周他告诉了家人。他们既害怕又担心。他们认为71岁的他太大了，不能再工作了。他现在76岁了，已经大大扩大了公司的规模。他将员工数量从6人增加到24人，并为产品找到了许多新客户。他开发了出口市场，利润提高了200%，开了一家新的设计事务所，雇佣了三名年轻的设计师。他们到世界各地寻求新的想法，其中一人本周去了法国参加一个大型的贸易展览会。最重要的是，自从他买下这家工厂以来，他一直没有感到厌烦。

1、 The topic sentence of paragraph 1 is_____
AMorgan Rees has always been a good businessman
BHe used to own three petrol stations and was busy most of the time
CWhen Morgan Rees was 65, he retired
DReluctantly,he handed over the business to his son
正确答案：A

  1.第一段的主题句是___
阿莫根里斯一直是个好商人
过去BHE有三个加油站，大部分时间都很忙。
当摩根·里斯65岁时，他退休了。
不幸的是，他把生意交给了儿子。

2、 The topic sentence of paragraph 2 is_____
AHe didn't know what to do with himself
BHe went on holiday to interesting places with his wife
CHe was unhappy after he retired
Dnone of them
正确答案：C

  第2段的主题句是___
他不知道自己该怎么办
他和妻子去了有趣的地方度假。
切赫退休后很不高兴
其中一个

3、 Which of the following statements can best express the main idea of paragraph 3?
AOne day he saw an advertisement in the newspaper
BHe bought a small crockery factory in secret and started work again
CHe told his family he bought a small crockery factory
DHis family was horrified and worried when they learned he bought the small factory
正确答案：B

  3.以下哪项陈述最能表达第3段的主要观点？
有一天他在报纸上看到一则广告
他秘密买下了一家小陶器厂，又开始工作了。
车告诉家人他买了一家小陶器厂。
当得知他买下了这家小工厂时，DHIS一家非常震惊和担心。

4、 What is the central idea of the last paragraph?
AMorgan Rees has worked until he is 76
BMorgan Rees has developed the export market and improved the profits by 200%
CMorgan Rees hasn't been bored since he bought the factory
DSince he started working again, Morgan Rees has expanded the company considerably, which has enriched his retired life
正确答案：D

  4.最后一段的中心思想是什么？
阿莫甘·里斯一直工作到76岁。
BMorgan REES开拓了出口市场，利润提高了200%。
自从他买下这家工厂后，他就没觉得无聊过。
自从他重新开始工作以来，摩根.里斯公司大幅度扩张，丰富了他的退休生活。
正确答案：d

5、 The passage mainly deals with_____
Awhy Morgan Rees bought a small crockery factory
Bhow Morgan Rees lived his retired life more happily by turning to work again
Chow Morgan Rees became a good businessman
Dhow Morgan Rees expanded the company considerably
正确答案：B

  5、文章主要论述___
奥维·摩根·里斯买了一家小陶器厂
摩根·里斯通过再次工作过得更幸福。
周摩根·里斯成了一个好商人
德豪·摩根·里斯大幅度扩张了公司。
正确答案：B

5、 Today Newton is a very clean place. But many years ago, there were millions of rats in Newtown. They attacked the cats and dogs. Sometimes a lot of them knocked down a man or woman walking home at night. The rats were very big in size and they hurt many people. The government ordered everybody to kill rats. Most people were lazy, so they did not kill many. Then the government decided to pay some money for each dead rat. That made the people very happy. They killed thousands of rats every day. A government officer put all the dead rats in a big pile. Sometimes a man brought hundreds in one day. After two weeks there were not many rats in the city, but people still brought many rats to the government office. The government officer thought that people were stealing dead rats from the pile . He ordered his men to dig a deep hole and put the rats in it. Soon there were no more rats, and the government did not pay any more money.
1、 Newton is a place which_____
Aused to be very clean
Bis no longer a city
Cis very clean
Dwill be very clean
正确答案：C

  

2、 When the government first ordered the people to kill rats, the people_____
AAsked for some money for each dead rat
BStole dead rats from the pile
CWere too lazy to kill many rats
DKilled nearly all the rats quickly
正确答案：C

  

3、 The people killed rats_____
ATo get money from the government
BTo help the government make the city clean
CTo make the government officer happy
DTo protect(保护）their cats and dogs
正确答案：A

  

4、 A deep hole was dug so that_____
AThe rats couldn't come out to attack people at night
BPeople could take rats from it easily
CPeople would kill more rats
DNobody could take any rats from the pile
正确答案：D

  

5、 What is the best topic for this passage?
AHow to Kill Rats
BNewton---A City of Rats
CHow Newton Became a Very Clean Place
DHow Newton Became a Famous City
正确答案：C

  

6、 Mr. Tom Forester lived by himself a long way from town. He hardly left his home, but one day he went into town to buy some things in the market. After he had bought them, he went into a restaurant and sat down at a table by himself. When he looked around, he saw several old people put glasses on before reading their newspapers. So after lunch he decided to go to a shop to buy himself some glasses too. He walked along the road, and soon found a shop. The man in the shop made him try on a lot of glasses, but Tom always said, "No, I can't read with these." The man became more and more puzzled(迷惑的），until finally he said, “Excuse me, but can you read?" "No, of course I can't!" Tom said angrily. "If I was already able to read, do you think I would have come here to buy glasses?"
今天牛顿是一个非常干净的地方。但许多年前，纽敦有数百万只老鼠。他们袭击了猫和狗。有时很多人会在晚上撞倒一个走回家的男人或女人。这些老鼠非常大，它们伤害了很多人。政府命令大家杀老鼠。大多数人都很懒惰，所以他们没杀多少人。然后政府决定为每只死老鼠付一些钱。这使人们非常高兴。他们每天杀死数千只老鼠。一位政府官员把所有死去的老鼠都堆在一起。有时候一个人一天就带上几百个。两个星期后，城里的老鼠不多了，但人们仍然把许多老鼠带到政府办公室。政府官员认为人们在从堆里偷死老鼠。他命令他的部下挖一个深洞，把老鼠放进去。很快就没有老鼠了，政府也不再付钱了。


1、 Mr Forester lived_____
Awith his family in a city
Bwith his family in the countryside
Calone in a city
Dalone in the countryside
正确答案：D

  牛顿是一个___
因为很干净
国际清算银行不再是一个城市
独联体非常干净
我会很干净的

2、 Tom_____went into town
Aoften
Balways
Calmost never
Deveryday
正确答案：C

  当政府第一次命令人民杀鼠时，人民___
为每只死老鼠讨点钱
从堆中取出死老鼠
太懒了，杀不了很多老鼠。
几乎所有的老鼠都很快被注射了

3、 The old people in the restaurant read their newspapers_____
Awith glasses on
Bwith glasses off
Cwith glasses of beer in front of them
Dwith glass pipes in their mouths
正确答案：A

  人杀老鼠___
从政府那里得到钱
帮助政府使城市清洁
首席技术官让政府官员高兴
保护他们的猫和狗

4、 The shop Tom went into sold_____
Adrinking glasses and cups
Bglass for windows and doors
Cglasses for people who could not read
Dglasses for people who could not see well
正确答案：D

  挖了一个深孔___
A老鼠晚上不能出来攻击人。
B人们很容易把老鼠带走。
人会杀更多的老鼠
德诺比可以从这堆老鼠中带走任何一只

5、 What kind of mistake did Tom make?
AHe went to the wrong kind of shop
BHe didn't try on all the glasses in the shop
CHe thought that a person who had not learned to read would be able to do so if he wore glasses
DHe left his money in the restaurant
正确答案：C

  这篇文章的最佳主题是什么？
A如何杀死老鼠
布纽顿——老鼠之城
周牛顿成了一个非常干净的地方
牛顿成为一个著名的城市

7、 The residents of 24 Acacia Grove were dissatisfied with the condition of the property, so John Preston called a meeting to discuss things last week. At the meeting John suggested setting up a residents' committee. Everyone was so worried and angry about the agent's inactivity that they agreed, and they elected John as chairman of the committee. Many residents said that they were tired of telephoning the agent and tired of complaining about the flats. Although the agent was responsible for the flats, they thought that he didn't do enough. Therefore John was asked to write to the agent and say that they were disappointed with the management of the flats. The next service payment was due at the end of the month. However, they agreed not to pay it until they were happy with the plans to improve the property. They decided to tell the agent that he must start the work within one month. They all went away very pleased with themselves. The residents of 24 Acacia Grove were dissatisfied with the condition of the property, so John Preston called a meeting to discuss things last week. At the meeting John suggested setting up a residents' committee. Everyone was so worried and angry about the agent's inactivity that they agreed, and they elected John as chairman of the committee. Many residents said that they were tired of telephoning the agent and tired of complaining about the flats. Although the agent was responsible for the flats, they thought that he didn't do enough. Therefore John was asked to write to the agent and say that they were disappointed with the management of the flats. The next service payment was due at the end of the month. However, they agreed not to pay it until they were happy with the plans to improve the property. They decided to tell the agent that he must start the work within one month. They all went away very pleased with themselves.

24个金合欢林的居民对该地产的状况不满意，所以约翰·普雷斯顿上周召开了一次会议讨论此事。在会上，约翰建议成立一个居民委员会。每个人都为经纪人的不作为感到担忧和愤怒，他们同意了，并选举约翰为委员会主席。许多居民说，他们厌倦了给经纪人打电话，也厌倦了抱怨公寓。虽然经纪人对公寓负责，但他们认为他做得不够。因此，约翰被要求写信给代理人，说他们对公寓的管理感到失望。下一笔服务费应在月末支付。然而，他们同意在对改善房产的计划感到满意之前不支付。他们决定告诉代理人他必须在一个月内开始工作。他们都很高兴自己走了。24个金合欢林的居民对房子的状况不满意，所以约翰·普雷斯顿上周召开了一次会议讨论此事。在会上，约翰建议成立一个居民委员会。每个人都为经纪人的不作为感到担忧和愤怒，他们同意了，并选举约翰为委员会主席。许多居民说，他们厌倦了给经纪人打电话，也厌倦了抱怨公寓。虽然经纪人对公寓负责，但他们认为他做得不够。因此，约翰被要求写信给代理人，说他们对公寓的管理感到失望。下一笔服务费应在月末支付。然而，他们同意在对改善房产的计划感到满意之前不支付。他们决定告诉代理人他必须在一个月内开始工作。他们都很高兴自己走了。

1、 Why did John Preston call a meeting last week?
ABecause the residents were dissatisfied with the present residents' committee
BBecause the residents were dissatisfied with the bad management of the flats
CBecause some residents requested to change the present residents' committee
DBecause he wanted to become Chairman of the committee
正确答案：B

  1.约翰·普雷斯顿上周为什么召开会议？
因为居民对现在的居民委员会不满意
因为居民对公寓管理不善不满意
CBE由于一些居民要求改变目前的居民委员会
因为他想成为委员会主席

2、 Who elected John as chairman of the committee?
AThe agent
BThe residents
CThe committee
DAcacia Grove
正确答案：B

  2.谁选举约翰为委员会主席？
代理
B居民
C委员会
达卡西亚小树林

3、 What does the word “inactivity” mean in the third sentence in Para
AWeakness
BProgress
CState
DLack of actions
正确答案：D

  3.第3段第3句中的“不活动”是什么意思？
敬畏
B程序
CState公司
D行动结束

4、 What does the word “due" mean in the first sentence of Para
Ato be paid
Bproper
Cowed
Dlarge
正确答案：A

 4、“到期”一词在第1段的第一句话中是什么意思？
ATO支付
B属性
带罩的
大 

5、 When did they agree to pay the next service payment?
AAt the end of the month
BWithin one month
CWhen they were happy with the plans to improve the property
DThe agent would tell them
正确答案：C

  他们什么时候同意支付下一笔服务费？
月末
B一个月内
当他们对改善房产的计划满意时
D探员会告诉他们

8、 What makes a person a scientist? Does he have ways or tools of learning that are different from those of others? The answer is “no”. It is not the tools a scientist uses but how he uses these tools that make him a scientist. You will probably agree that knowing how to use a power is important to a carpenter. You will probably agree, too, that knowing how to investigate, how to discover information, is important to everyone. The scientist, however, goes one step further, he must be sure that he has a reasonable answer to his questions and that his answer can be confirmed by other persons. He also works to fit the answer he gets to many questions into a large set of ideas about how the world works. The scientist's knowledge must be exact. There is no room for half right or right just half the time. He must be as nearly right as the conditions permit. What works under one set of conditions at one time must work under the same conditions at other times. If the conditions are different, any changes the scientist observes in a demonstration must be explained by the changes in the conditions. This is one reason that investigations are important in science. Albert Einstein, who developed the theory of relativity, arrived at this theory through mathematics. The accuracy of this mathematics was later tested through investigations, Einstein's ideas were shown to be correct. A scientist uses many tools for measurements. Then the measurements are used to make mathematical calculations that may test his investigations.

8.什么使一个人成为科学家？他有没有不同于其他人的学习方法或工具？答案是“不”。不是科学家使用的工具，而是他如何使用这些工具使他成为科学家。你可能会同意知道如何使用电源对木匠很重要。你可能也会同意，知道如何调查、如何发现信息对每个人都很重要。然而，科学家更进一步，他必须确保他对自己的问题有一个合理的答案，并且他的答案可以被其他人确认。他还努力使自己对许多问题的答案与一系列关于世界如何运作的想法相适应。这位科学家的知识一定是准确的。一半是对的，一半是对的，一半是对的。他必须在条件允许的情况下尽可能正确。一次在一组条件下工作的内容在其他时间必须在相同条件下工作。如果条件不同，科学家在演示中观察到的任何变化都必须用条件的变化来解释。这就是调查在科学中很重要的一个原因。爱因斯坦发展了相对论，他是通过数学得出这个理论的。后来通过调查检验了这一数学的准确性，爱因斯坦的想法被证明是正确的。科学家使用许多工具进行测量。然后，测量值被用来进行数学计算，以检验他的研究。

1、 What makes a scientist according to the passage?
AThe tools he uses
BThe way he uses his tools
CHis way of learning
DThe various tools he uses
正确答案：B
是什么让科学家根据这段话？
他使用的工具
B他使用工具的方式
Chis学习方式
他使用的各种工具
  

2、 The underlined part in the passage shows______
Athe importance of information
Bthe importance of thinking
Cthe difference between scientists and ordinary people
Dthe difference between carpenters and people with other jobs
正确答案：C

  文中带下划线部分显示____
A.信息的重要性
B思考的重要性
C科学家和普通人的区别
木工和其他工作人员的区别

3、 A sound scientific theory should be one that______
Aworks not only under one set of conditions at one time, but also under the same conditions at other times
Bdoes not allow any changes even under different conditions
Ccan be used for many purposes
Dleave no room for improvement
正确答案：A

  一个健全的科学理论应该是____
A不仅一次在一组条件下工作，另一次也在相同条件下工作。
B即使在不同条件下也不允许任何更改
CCAN可用于多种用途
D没有改进的余地

4、 The author quotes the case of Albert Einstein to illustrate______
Athat measurements are keys to success in science
Bthat accuracy of mathematics
Cthat the investigations are important in science
Dthat the mathematical calculations may test his investigations
正确答案：C

  作者引用爱因斯坦的例子来说明____
Athat测量是科学成功的关键
B数学精度
C调查在科学上很重要
数学计算可以检验他的研究。

5、 What is the main idea of the passage?
AThe theory of relativity
BExactness is the core of science
CScientists are different from ordinary people
DExactness and ways of using tools are the keys to the making of a scientist
正确答案：D

  这段话的主要意思是什么？
A相对论
bexactness是科学的核心
科学研究者不同于普通人
机敏和使用工具的方法是造就科学家的关键。

9、 When I was a little girl, my brother and I collected stamps for many years. My mother didn't use to work during the week, but she worked in the post office near our house on Saturdays, and she used to bring home all the new stamps as soon as they were issued(发行）. On the day of the world cup football final in London in 1966, we were very excited because England were playing West Germany in the final. When we were having lunch, my mother told us to go to the post office straightaway after the match if England won, but she didn't tell us why. At 2o'clock my mother went back to work as usual, while the rest of the family were watching the football on TV at home. Although she wasn't watching the match, she was listening to it on the radio. England won 4:2 and so my brothers and I ran to the post office. As we burst in, my mother was standing behind the counter. She was waiting to sell us a very special limited edition with ENGLAND WINNERS on each stamp. We were over the moon. We still have it today, and perhaps it is worth a lot of money.

当我还是个小女孩的时候，我和弟弟收集了很多年的邮票。我母亲过去一周不工作，但她星期六在我们家附近的邮局工作，一发行新邮票，她就把它们带回家。1966年伦敦世界杯足球决赛那天，我们非常兴奋，因为英格兰队在决赛中与西德队比赛。当我们吃午饭的时候，我妈妈告诉我们如果英格兰赢了，比赛结束后马上去邮局，但她没有告诉我们原因。2点钟，我母亲像往常一样回去工作，而家里其他人在家里看电视转播的足球赛。虽然她没有看比赛，但她在收音机里听。英格兰队赢了4:2，所以我和我的兄弟们跑到邮局。当我们闯进来的时候，我母亲站在柜台后面。她正等着卖给我们一个非常特别的限量版，每一张邮票上都有英国的获奖者。我们在月球上。我们今天仍然有它，也许它值很多钱。

1、 This passage mainly tells us______
AThe author and her brother used to like stamps very much
BThe author had a very kind mother
CThe author and her brother had got an unforgettable experience in collecting stamps
Dtheir mother used to support them by working in the post office
正确答案：C

  这一段主要告诉我们____
作者和她哥哥过去非常喜欢邮票。
B作者有一位非常善良的母亲。
C作者和她哥哥在集邮方面有着难忘的经历。
他们的母亲过去在邮局工作以支持他们。

2、 According to the passage, her mother worked in the post office _____
Aduring the week
Bon Saturdays
Con Sundays
Dfor six days
正确答案：B

 根据文章，她母亲在邮局工作。___
吹捧一周
本周六
星期天
六天内 

3、 Their mother told them to go to the post office straightaway after the match if England won, but she didn't tell us why
AShe wanted to give them a surprise
BShe doubled if she would get the stamps
CShe forgot to do that
DShe thought it unnecessary to tell them the reason
正确答案：A

  他们的母亲告诉他们，如果英国队赢了，比赛结束后马上去邮局，但她没有告诉我们原因。
阿什想给他们一个惊喜
B如果她能拿到邮票，她就加倍了。
C他忘了这么做
他认为没必要告诉他们原因。

4、 What does the sentence “we were over the moon
AWe jumped high
BWe were extremely happy about it
CWe watched the moon for a long time
DWe couldn't sleep the whole night
正确答案：B

  那句话“我们在月球上”
敬畏之心跳得很高
我们对此非常高兴
我们观察月球很久了
我们整晚都睡不着

5、 What is the best title for this passage?
AMy Childhood
BMy Mother
CA Precious Stamp
DA Memorable Experience in Collecting Stamps
正确答案：D

  这篇文章的最佳标题是什么？
艾米童年
BMY母亲
CA珍贵邮票
在集邮方面的难忘经历

10、 The United States covers a large part of the North American continent. Its neighbors are Canada to the north and Mexico to the south. Although the United States is a big country , it is not the largest in the world. In 2000, its population was over 222 million. When this land first became a nation, after winning its independence from England, it had thirteen states. Each of the states was represented on the American flag by a star. All these were in the eastern part of the continent. As the nation grew toward the west, new states were added and new stars appeared on the flag. For a long time, there were 48 stars. In 1959, however, two more stars were added to the flag, representing the new states of Alaska and Hawaii. Indians were the first people of the land which is now the United States. There are still many thousands of Indians now living in all parts of the country. Sometimes it is said that the Indians are “the only real Americans”. Most Americans come from all over the world. Those who came first in greatest numbers to make their homes on the eastern of North America were mostly from England. It is for the reason that the language of the United States is English and that its culture and customs are more like those of England than those of any other country in the world.
美国覆盖了北美大陆的大部分。它的邻居是北部的加拿大和南部的墨西哥。虽然美国是一个大国，但它并不是世界上最大的国家。2000年，人口超过2.22亿。当这片土地第一次成为一个国家时，在从英国独立后，它有十三个州。每一个州都由一颗星星代表在美国国旗上。所有这些都在大陆的东部。随着国家向西发展，新的州被增加，新的星星出现在国旗上。很长一段时间里，有48颗星星。然而，在1959年，又有两颗星星被添加到国旗上，代表了新的阿拉斯加州和夏威夷。印第安人是这片土地上的第一批人，现在是美国。现在仍有成千上万的印度人生活在这个国家的各个地方。有时据说印第安人是“唯一真正的美国人”。大多数美国人来自世界各地。在北美洲东部，那些在大多数人中居首位的人大多来自英国。这是因为美国的语言是英语，它的文化和习俗比世界上任何其他国家的文化和习俗更像英国。


1、 Which of the following is TURE? 以下选项哪个是正确的？
AAmerican is the largest country in the world
BThe United States lies next to Canada and Mexico
CAmerica covers most part of the North American continent
DMexico is to the north of Canada
正确答案：B

  以下哪项是真的？以下选项哪个是正确的？
美国是世界上最大的国家
B美国毗邻加拿大和墨西哥。
喀麦里加覆盖了北美大陆的大部分地区。
DMEXICO在加拿大北部

2、 After winning its independence, the United States
Ahad nothing to do with England
Bmade India part of its land
Cmainly developed westward
Dtook over parts of Canada and Mexico
正确答案：A

 美国在赢得独立后
啊哈与英格兰无关
BMADE印度部分土地
C主要向西发展
D检查加拿大和墨西哥的部分地区 

3、 The United States didn’t have states until
Athirteen;1959
Bfifty;1959
Cfifty, this land first became a nation
Dfifty;1964
正确答案：B

 美国直到
阿提尔滕；1959年
1959年
如果，这片土地首先成为一个国家
DFifty；1964年 

4、 Why is English the language of America? 为什么美国的国语是英语？
ABecause English is the native language of the Indians因为土著人的语言是英语。
BBecause most Americans come from all over the world
CBecause Canada is America’s nearest neighbor
DBecause most of the people who first settled in America were from England
正确答案：D

  为什么英语是美国的语言？为什么美国的国语是英语？
因为土著作家的语言是英语。
因为大多数美国人来自世界各地
加拿大是美国最近的邻居
因为大多数最初在美国定居的人都来自英国。

5、 The best title for the passage is “ ”
Athe States of America
BThe language of America
CThe United States of America
DThe Culture and Customs of America
正确答案：C

文章的最佳标题是
美国各州
B美国语言
C美利坚合众国
D美国的文化和习俗

////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

1、 In the United States, it is not customary to telephone someone very early in the morning. If you telephone him early in the day, while he is shaving or having breakfast, the time of the call shows that the matter is very important and requires immediate attention. The same meaning is attached to telephone calls made after 11:00 p.m. If someone receives a call during sleeping hours, he assumes it's a matter of life or death. The time chosen for the call communicates its importance. In social life, time plays a very important part. In the U.S.A. guests tend to feel they are not highly regarded if the invitation to a dinner party is extended only three or four days before the party date. But it is not true in all countries. In other areas of the world, it may be considered foolish to make an appointment too far in advance because plans which are made for a date more than a week away tend to be forgotten. The meaning of time differs in different parts of the world. Thus, misunderstandings arise between people from different cultures that treat time differently. Promptness is valued highly in American life, for example. If people are not prompt, they may be regarded as impolite or not fully responsible. In the U.S.no one would think of keeping a business associate waiting for an hour, it would be too impolite. A person, who is 5 minutes late, will say a few words of explanation, though perhaps he will not complete the sentence.
在美国，习惯上早上很早打电话给某人。如果你一大早给他打电话，当他刮胡子或吃早饭时，打电话的时间表明这件事非常重要，需要立即关注。晚上11点以后打的电话也有同样的含义。如果有人在睡觉时间接到电话，他会认为这是生死攸关的问题。为呼叫选择的时间表示其重要性。在社会生活中，时间起着非常重要的作用。在美国，如果宴会日期前三到四天邀请客人参加晚宴，客人往往会觉得自己不受重视。但并非所有国家都如此。在世界上的其他地区，提前预约可能被认为是愚蠢的，因为一周多的约会计划往往会被遗忘。时间的意义在世界不同的地方是不同的。因此，不同文化的人对时间的看法不同，他们之间产生了误解。例如，在美国生活中，及时性被高度重视。如果人们不及时，他们可能会被视为不礼貌或不负全部责任。在美国，没有人会考虑让一个商业伙伴等一个小时，这太不礼貌了。迟到5分钟的人会说几句解释的话，尽管他可能不会完成句子。

1、 What is the main idea of this passage?______以下哪项表达了本文的中心思想?
AIt is not customary to telephone someone in the morning and in sleeping hours in the U
BThe role of time in social life over the world
CIf people are late, they may be regarded as impolite or not fully responsible in the U
DNot every country treats the concept of time as the same
正确答案：B

   这段话的主要意思是什么？___以下哪项表达了本文的中心思想？
在美国，早上和睡觉时间打电话是不习惯的。
B时间在全世界社会生活中的作用
到岸价的人迟到了，在美国他们可能被认为是不礼貌的或不负全部责任。
不是每个国家都把时间的概念看得一模一样

2、 What does it mean in the passage if you call someone during his or her sleeping hours?______根据本文，如果你在某人睡觉时间打电话给他，意味着什么？
AA matter of work
BA matter of life or death
CYou want to see him or her
DYou want to make an appointment with him or her
正确答案：B

   如果你在某人睡觉的时候打电话给他，这段话的意思是什么？___根据本文，如果你在某人睡觉时间打电话给他，意思是什么？
A工作事项
生或死的问题
你想见他或她
你想和他或她预约吗？

3、 Which of the following time is proper if you want to make an appointment with your friend?如果你想约你的朋友，以下哪个时间是比较恰当的?
Aat 7:00 am
Bat 4:00 pm
Cat the midnight
Dat 4:00 am
正确答案：B

   如果你想和你的朋友预约，下列哪一个时间是合适的？如果你想约你的朋友，以下哪个时间是比较合适的？
上午7:00
BAT下午4:00
午夜猫
凌晨4:00

4、 Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?______根据本文，以下哪项陈述是正确的？
AIn the U.S.A guests tend to feel they are highly regarded if the invitation to a dinner party is extended only three or four days before the party date.
BThere is no misunderstanding arising between people from different cultures about the concept of time
CIt may be considered foolish to make an appointment well in advance in the U.S.A..
DPromptness is valued highly in American life准时在美国社会是受到高度认可的。
正确答案：D

   根据这段话，下列哪句话是正确的？___根据本文，以下哪项陈述是正确的？
A在美国，如果宴会邀请在宴会日期前三到四天延长，客人往往会觉得受到高度重视。
B不同文化背景的人对时间概念没有误解。
CIT在美国提前预约可能被认为是愚蠢的。
及时在美国社会会受到高度认可的。

5、 From the passage we can safely infer that从本文我们可以得出：
Ait's a matter of life or death if you call someone in day time
Bthe meaning of time differs in different parts of the world 世界各地的时间观念是不同的。
Cit makes no difference in the U.S. whether you are early or late for a business party
Dif a person is late for a date, he needn't make some explanation
正确答案：B

   从本文我们可以得出：
如果你白天打电话给某人，那是生死攸关的事。
世界各地的时间观念是不同的。
在美国，无论你参加商务聚会是早还是晚，CIT都没有什么区别。
如果一个人约会迟到了，他不必解释。



2、 How men first learnt to invent words is unknown; in other words, the origin of language is a mystery. All we really know is that men, unlike animals, somehow invented certain sounds to express thought and feelings, actions and things, so that they could communicate with each other; and that later they agreed upon certain signs, called letters, which could be combined to present those sounds, and which could be written down. Those sounds, whether spoken or written in letters, we call words. The power of words, then, lies in their associations-the thing they bring up before our minds. Words become filled with meaning for us by experience; and the longer we live, the more certain words recall to us the glad and sad events of our past; and the more we read and learn, the more the number of words that mean something increases. Great writers are those who not only have great thoughts but also express these thoughts in words which appeal powerfully to our minds and emotions. This charming and telling use of words is what we call literary style. Above all, the real poet is a master of words. He can convey his meaning in words which sing like music and which by their position and association can move men to tears. We should therefore learn to choose our words carefully and use them accurately, or they will make our speech silly and vulgar.
人类是如何第一次学会创造词汇的还不得而知；换句话说，语言的起源是个谜。我们真正知道的是，人类不同于动物，不知何故发明了某些声音来表达思想、感情、行动和事物，以便他们能够相互交流；后来，他们同意了某些符号，称为字母，可以组合起来表达这些声音，以及我可以写下来。这些声音，无论是口头的还是书面的，我们都称之为单词。那么，语言的力量就在于它们的联想，即它们在我们头脑中提出的东西。语言通过经验变得对我们充满意义；我们活得越久，某些词语就越能让我们想起我们过去的快乐和悲伤；我们读得越多，学到的越多，意味着某种事物的词语就越多。伟大的作家不仅有伟大的思想，而且用语言表达这些思想，这些思想对我们的思想和情感有着强烈的吸引力。这种用词的迷人和生动是我们所说的文学风格。最重要的是，真正的诗人是文字大师。他可以用像音乐一样歌唱的语言来表达他的意思，通过他们的地位和联系可以让人感动到流泪。因此，我们应该学会谨慎地选择词语，准确地使用它们，否则我们的言语会变得愚蠢和低俗。


1、 The origin of language is______
Aa legend handed down from the past
Ba matter that is hidden or secret
Ca question difficult to answer
Da problem not yet solved
正确答案：D

   语言的起源是____
从过去传下来的传奇
隐藏或秘密的事物
CA问题难以回答
DA问题尚未解决

2、 What is true about words?
AThey are used to express feelings only
BThey can not be written down
CThey are simply sounds
DThey are mysterious
正确答案：C

   单词的真实性是什么？
雅典人只用来表达感情
B不能写下来
C它们只是声音而已
他们很神秘

3、 The real power of words lies in their______
Aproperties
Bcharacteristics
Cpeculiarity
Drepresentative function
正确答案：D

   语言的真正力量在于____
专业
B特征
C安全性
表示函数

4、 By “association”，the author means______
Aa special quality
Ba joining of ideas in the mind
Can appearance which is puzzling
Da strange feature
正确答案：B

   通过“协会”，作者是指____
AA特殊质量
思想的结合
令人费解的外观
DA奇怪的特征

5、 Which of the following statements about the real poet is NOT true?
AHe is no more than a master of words
BHe can convey his ideas in words which sing like music
CHe can move men to tears
DHis style is always charming
正确答案：A

   以下关于真正诗人的陈述哪一个是不正确的？
啊，只不过是一个精通文字的人。
他能用像音乐一样歌唱的语言表达他的思想。
切能让男人流泪
DHIS的风格总是迷人的





3、 When John and Victoria Falls arrived in New York City for one-year stay, they did not bring very many things with them. They had planned either to live in a furnished apartment or to buy used furniture. But they soon learned about a new system that more and more people are using. The renting of home furnishings (bed, tables, dishes, and so on) has become one of America's fastest growing businesses. What kinds of people rent their home furnishings instead of buying them? People who are international business or government officials, foreign students, airline workers, young married couple-people whose job or business may force them to move frequently from one city to another. They save a lot of trouble and the cost of moving their furniture each time. They simply rent new furniture when they reach their new homes. Young people with little money do not want to buy cheap furniture that they may soon dislike. They prefer to wait until they have enough money to buy furniture that they really like. Meanwhile, they find they can rent better quality furniture than they could afford to buy. One family, who now have a large, beautiful home of their own, liked their rented furniture so much that they decided to keep renting it instead of buying new things. But usually people don't like to tell others about it. The idea of renting home furnishings is still quite new, and they are not sure what their neighbors might think.(248words)
当约翰和维多利亚福尔斯抵达纽约一年后，他们没有带很多东西。他们原计划要么住在有家具的公寓里，要么买二手家具。但是他们很快就了解到一个越来越多的人正在使用的新系统。出租家俱（床、桌、菜等）已成为美国发展最快的行业之一。什么样的人租他们的家俱而不是买它们？国际商务或政府官员、外国学生、航空公司员工、年轻已婚夫妇，他们的工作或业务可能迫使他们经常从一个城市搬到另一个城市。他们每次都省去很多麻烦和搬运家具的费用。他们到了新家就租新家具。没有钱的年轻人不想买他们可能很快就不喜欢的便宜家具。他们宁愿等到有足够的钱买他们真正喜欢的家具。同时，他们发现他们可以租到比买得起的质量更好的家具。一个家庭，现在有了自己的大而漂亮的房子，非常喜欢他们租来的家具，所以他们决定继续租，而不是买新的东西。但通常人们不喜欢把这件事告诉别人。租用家居用品的想法还是很新的，他们不确定邻居们会怎么想。（248字）

1、 Which of the following has become one of America's fastest growing businesses?_____
ASelling home furnishings
BRenting furnished apartments
CSelling used furniture
DRenting home furnishings
正确答案：D

   以下哪项已成为美国增长最快的业务之一？___
出售家居用品
布伦汀家具公寓
C出售二手家具
家居用品

2、 Why do some people prefer to rent furniture?_____
ABecause the furniture they get in this way is new
BBecause it saves them a lot of money
CBecause it saves them much trouble and money
DBecause they can always get better quality furniture in this way
正确答案：C

   为什么有些人更喜欢租家具？___
因为他们用这种方式买的家具是新的
因为它节省了他们很多钱
cBecause它为他们省去了很多麻烦和金钱
因为这样他们总能得到质量更好的家具。

3、 What can you infer from the passage?______
AThe idea of renting furniture is not acceptable
BRenting furniture is not popular in the couple's home town
COnly those who don't have enough money to rent furniture
DPeople usually grow to like the furniture they have rented
正确答案：B

   你能从这段话中推断出什么？___
租用家具的想法是不可接受的。
布伦汀家具在这对夫妇的家乡不受欢迎。
康利那些没有足够的钱租家具的人
人们通常喜欢他们租的家具。

4、 Which of the following can best serve as the title of the passage?______
ARent or Buy?
BA New Way of Getting Home Furnishings
CFurnished Apartments
DA New ldea
正确答案：B

   以下哪一项最能作为文章的标题？___
不是或买？
家庭用品的新方法
C烧毁公寓
DA新LDEA

5、 Young people liked renting home furniture in that______
AThey have less money
BThey don't want to buy old furniture
CThe new furniture is of good quality
DThey don't have much money and don't want to buy the cheap furniture
正确答案：D

   
年轻人喜欢租家具。____
Athey的钱少了
B他们不想买旧家具。
C新家具质量好
他们没有多少钱，也不想买便宜的家具。


4、 There are three kinds of goals: short-term, medium-range and long term goals. Short-term goals are those that usually deal with current activities, which we can apply on a daily basis. Such goals can be achieved in a week or less, or two weeks, or possibly, months. It should be remembered that just as a building is no stronger than its foundation, long-term goals cannot amount to very much without the achievement of solid short- term goals. Upon completing our short-term goals, we should date the occasion and then add new short-term goals that will build on those that have been completed. The intermediate goals build on the foundation of the short-term goals. They might deal with just one term of school or the entire school year, or they could even extend for several years. Any time you move a step at a time, you should never allow yourself to become discouraged or overwhelmed. As you complete each step, you will enforce the belief in your ability to grow and succeed. And as your list of completion dates grow, your motivation and desire will increase. Long-term goals may be related to our dreams of the future. They might cover five years or more. Life is not a static thing. We should never allow a long-term goal to limit us or our course of action.
目标有三种：短期目标、中期目标和长期目标。短期目标是那些通常处理当前活动的目标，我们可以每天应用这些目标。这样的目标可以在一周或更短的时间内实现，也可以在两周或可能的几个月内实现。应该记住的是，正如一座建筑并不比它的基础更坚固，长期目标在实现短期目标的同时，也不会有太大的作用。完成短期目标后，我们应该确定日期，然后添加新的短期目标，这些目标将建立在已经完成的目标之上。中间目标是建立在短期目标的基础上的。他们可能只处理一个学期或整个学年，甚至可以延长几年。任何时候你一步一步地走，你都不应该让自己变得气馁或不知所措。当你完成每一步的时候，你将加强对自己成长和成功能力的信念。随着完成日期的增加，你的动机和愿望也会增加。长期目标可能与我们对未来的梦想有关。它们可能覆盖五年或更长时间。生活不是静止的。我们不应该允许一个长期目标限制我们或我们的行动方针。

1、 Our long-term goals mean a lot______
AIf we cannot reach solid short-term goals
BIf we complete the short-term goals
CIf we have dreams of the future
DIf we put forward some plans
正确答案：B

  我们的长期目标意义重大____
如果我们不能达到稳定的短期目标
如果我们完成了短期目标
到岸价我们有未来的梦想
如果我们提出一些计划 

2、 New short-term goals are built upon_______
Aa daily basis
Byour achievement in a week
Ccurrent activities
Dthe goals that have been completed
正确答案：D

  建立新的短期目标____
AA日基础
以我们一周内的成就为例
经常性活动
D已完成的目标 

3、 When we complete each step of our goals,_______
Awe will win final success
Bwe are overwhelmed
Cwe should build up confidence of success
Dwe should have strong desire for setting new goals
正确答案：C

 当我们完成目标的每一步时，____
敬畏将赢得最终的成功
BWE不知所措
CWE应该建立成功的信心
DWE应该有强烈的愿望来设定新的目标  

4、 What is the main idea of this passage?______
ALife is a dynamic thing
Bwe should set up long-term goals
CDifferent kinds of goals in life
DThe limitation of long-term goals
正确答案：C

   这段话的主要意思是什么？___
生命是动态的
BWE应该制定长期目标
C生活中不同的目标
D长期目标的局限性

5、 Which of the following statements is wrong according to the passage?______
AThe long-term goals cannot amount to very much without the achievement of solid short-term goals
BThe intermediate goals build on the foundation of the short-term goals
CLife is a static thing, thus we should never allow a long-term goal to limit us or our course of action
DWe should often add new short-term goals to those which have been completed
正确答案：C

   
根据这段话，下列哪句话是错误的？___
A.如果没有实现可靠的短期目标，长期目标就不可能达到很大程度。
中间目标是建立在短期目标的基础上的。
克利夫是一个静止的事物，因此我们不应该允许一个长期的目标限制我们或我们的行动。
DWE应该经常为那些已经完成的项目增加新的短期目标。





15 Many people who work in London prefer to live outside it, and to go in to their offices or schools every day by train, car or bus, even though this means they have to get up early in the morning and reach home late in the evening. One advantage of living outside London is that houses are cheaper. Even a small flat in London without a garden costs quite a lot to rent. With the same money, one can get a little house in the country with a garden of one's own. Then, in the country one can really get away from the noise and hurry of busy working lives. Even though one has to get up earlier and spend more time in trains or buses, one can sleep better at night and during weekends and on summer evenings, one can enjoy the fresh, clean air of the country. If one likes gardens, one can spend one's free time digging, planting, watering and doing the hundred and one other jobs which are needed in a garden. Then, when the flowers and vegetables come up, one has got the reward together with those who have shared the secret of Nature. Some people, however, take no interest in country things: for them, happiness lies in the town, with its cinemas and theatres, beautiful shops and busy streets, dance-halls and restaurants. Such people would feel that their life was not worth living if they had to live it outside London. An occasional walk in one of the parks and a fortnight's(two weeks)visit to the sea every summer is all the country they want: the rest they are quite prepared to leave to those who are glad to get away from London every night.
许多在伦敦工作的人喜欢住在外面，每天坐火车、汽车或公共汽车去他们的办公室或学校，尽管这意味着他们必须早上早起，晚上很晚才回家。住在伦敦以外的一个好处是房子更便宜。即使是伦敦一个没有花园的小公寓，租金也相当高。用同样的钱，一个人可以在乡下拥有自己的花园的小房子。那么，在农村，人们真的可以远离忙碌的工作生活中的噪音和匆忙。即使一个人必须早起，花更多的时间在火车或公共汽车上，一个人可以在晚上睡得更好，在周末和夏天的晚上，一个人可以享受国家的清新空气。如果一个人喜欢花园，他可以把自己的空闲时间花在挖掘、种植、浇水和做花园里需要的其他百余项工作上。然后，当花草和蔬菜出现时，人们和那些分享大自然秘密的人一起得到了奖励。然而，有些人却对乡村事物不感兴趣：对他们来说，幸福就在于这个城镇，它有电影院和剧院，美丽的商店和繁忙的街道，舞厅和餐馆。这样的人会觉得，如果他们不得不在伦敦以外的地方生活，他们的生活就不值得了。每年夏天，偶尔在公园里散步，两周（两周）出海就是他们想要的国家：剩下的就留给那些愿意每晚离开伦敦的人吧。

1、 Which of the following statements is NOT true?
APeople who love Nature prefer to live outside the city
BPeople who work in London prefer to live in the country
CSome people enjoying city life prefer to work and live inside London
DMany nature lovers, though working in London, prefer to live outside the city
正确答案：B

   以下哪项陈述不正确？
热爱自然的人喜欢住在城外
B在伦敦工作的人更喜欢住在乡下。
一些喜欢城市生活的人喜欢在伦敦工作和生活。
许多热爱大自然的人，虽然在伦敦工作，却喜欢住在城外。

2、 With the same money needed for______ ,one can buy a little house with a garden in the country
Ageting a small flat with a garden
Bhaving a small flat with a garden
Crenting a small flat without a garden
Dbuying a small flat without a garden
正确答案：C

   用同样的钱买一栋乡村花园的小房子。
用花园改造小公寓
B带花园的小公寓
没有花园的小公寓
买一个没有花园的小公寓

3、 When the garden is in blossom, it means that one ______has been rewarded
Aliving in the country
Bhaving spent time working in the garden
Chaving a garden of his own
Dhaving been digging, planting and watering
正确答案：B

  当花园开花时，意味着一个人得到了奖励。
在乡村生活
巴文花时间在花园里工作
他自己的花园
达文一直在挖掘、种植和浇水。 

4、 People who think happiness lies in the city life would feel that ______if they had to live outside London
Atheir life was meaningless
Btheir life was invaluable
Cthey didn't deserve a happy life
Dthey were not worthy of their happy life
正确答案：A

   那些认为幸福在于城市生活的人会觉得，如果他们不得不住在伦敦以外的地方
阿瑟尔的生活毫无意义
他们的生命是无价的。
他们不应该过上幸福的生活。
他们不值得过上幸福的生活。

5、 The underlined phrase get away from in the 3rd paragraph refers to______
Adeal with
Bdo away with
Cescape from
Dprevent from
正确答案：C

  第3段中带下划线的短语“离开”是指____
熟悉
BDO离开
从…开始
数据事件来自 


16 A characteristic of American culture that has become almost a tradition is to respect the self-made man -the man who has risen to the top through his own efforts, usually beginning by working with his hands. While the leader in business or industry or the college professor occupies a higher social position and commands greater respect in the community than the common laborer or even the skilled factory worker, he may take pains to point out that his father started life in America as a farmer or laborer of some sort. This attitude toward manual(体力的）labor is now still seen many aspects of American life. One is invited to dinner at a home that is not only comfortably but even luxuriously(豪华地）furnished and in which there is every evidence of the fact the family has been able to afford foreign travel, expensive hobbies, and college education for the children; yet the hostess probably will cook the dinner herself, will serve it herself and will wash dishes afterward, furthermore the dinner will not consist merely of something quickly and easily assembled from contents of various cans and a cake or a pie bought at the nearby bakery. On the contrary，the hostess usually takes pride in careful preparation of special dishes. A professional may talk about washing the car, digging in his flowerbeds, painting the house .His wife may even help with these things, just as he often helps her with the dishwashing. The son who is away at college may wait on table and wash dishes for his living, or during the summer he may work with a construction gang on a highway in order to pay for his education.
美国文化的一个特点几乎成了一种传统，那就是尊重自制的人——通过自己的努力，通常是从用手工作开始，上升到顶峰的人。当工商界领袖或大学教授在社会上占有更高的地位，在社会上比普通劳动者甚至熟练的工厂工人更受尊重时，他可能会不遗余力地指出，他的父亲是以农民或工人的身份在美国开始生活的。某种程度上。这种对体力劳动的态度现在仍然可以看到美国生活的许多方面。一个人应邀在一个不仅舒适，甚至豪华（豪华）家具的家里吃饭，在那里有充分的证据表明这个家庭能够负担外国旅行、昂贵的爱好和为孩子们提供大学教育；然而女主人可能会k.晚餐由本人负责，并将在之后洗盘子，此外，晚餐将不仅仅是由在附近面包店购买的各种罐头和蛋糕或馅饼中快速、容易组装的东西组成。相反，女主人通常以精心准备特色菜而自豪。一个专业人士可能会谈论洗车，挖掘花坛，粉刷房子。他的妻子甚至可以帮助这些事情，就像他经常帮助她洗碗一样。不在大学的儿子可以在桌子上等着洗盘子，或者在夏天他可以在高速公路上和一个建筑工人一起工作，以支付他的教育费用。

1、 From paragraph 1,we know that in America______
Apeople tend to have a high opinion of the self-made man
Bpeople can always rise to the top through their own efforts
Ccollege professors win great respect from common workers
Dpeople feel painful to mention their fathers as labors
正确答案：A

   从第一段，我们知道在美国____
apople倾向于对白手起家的人有很高的评价
B人们总是可以通过自己的努力达到顶峰。
大学教授赢得了普通工人的极大尊重
当人们提到他们的父亲是劳工时，会感到很痛苦。

2、 According to the passage, the hostess cooks dinner herself mainly because______
Aservants in American are hard to get
Bshe takes pride in what she can do herself
Cshe can hardly afford servants
DIt is easy to prepare a meal with canned food
正确答案：B

  根据文章，女主人自己做饭主要是因为____
美国人很难买到防腐剂。
B她为自己能做的事感到骄傲。
他负担不起佣人。
用罐头食品很容易做一顿饭。 

3、 The expression “wait on table” in the second paragraph means”______”
Awork in a furniture shop
Bkeep accounts for a bar
Cwait to lay the table
Dserve customers in a restaurant
正确答案：D

   第二段中的“等候桌”一词是指“等候桌”。
在家具店工作
B为酒吧保留帐户
C等待摆放桌子
D在餐厅为顾客服务

4、 The author's attitude towards manual(体力的）labor is______
Apositive
Bnegative
Chumorous
Dcritical
正确答案：A

   作者对体力劳动的态度是____
背教的
B负性
丘莫罗斯
D关键

5、 Which of the following may serve as the best title of the passage?
AA Respectable Self-made Family
BAmerican Attitude toward Manual Labor
CCharacteristics of American Culture
DThe Development of Manual Labor
正确答案：B

   
以下哪一项可以作为文章的最佳标题？
一个可敬的自制家庭
巴马里亚人对体力劳动的态度
美国文化特征
D体力劳动的发展




17 Shyness is the cause of much unhappiness for a great many people. Shy people are anxious and self-conscious; that is, they are excessively concerned with their own appearance and actions. Worrisome thoughts are constantly occurring in their minds: what kind of impression am! making? Do they like me? Do I sound stupid? Am I wearing unattractive clothes? It is obvious that such uncomfortable feelings must negatively affect people. A person's conception of himself or herself is reflected in the way he or she behaves, and the way a person behaves affects other people's reactions. In general, the way people think about themselves has a profound effect on all areas of their lives. Shy people, having low self-esteem, are likely to be passive and easily influenced by others. They need reassurance that they are doing “the right thing.” Shy people are very sensitive to criticism; they feel it confirms their feelings of inferiority. They also find it difficult to be pleased by compliment with a statement like this one, “You're just saying that to make me feel good. I know it's not true." It is clear that while self-awareness is a healthy quality, overdoing it is harmful. Can shyness be completely eliminated, or at least reduced? Fortunately. people can overcome shyness with determined and patient efforts in building self-confidence. Since shyness goes hand in hand with a lack of self-esteems, It is important for people to accept their weakness as well as their strengths. Each one of us is a unique, worthwhile individual, interested in our own personal ways. The better we understand ourselves, the easier it becomes to live up to our full potential. Let's not allow shyness to block our chances for a rich and fulfilling life. Shyness is the cause of much unhappiness for a great many people. Shy people are anxious and self-conscious; that is, they are excessively concerned with their own appearance and actions. Worrisome thoughts are constantly occurring in their minds: what kind of impression am! making? Do they like me? Do I sound stupid? Am I wearing unattractive clothes? It is obvious that such uncomfortable feelings must negatively affect people. A person's conception of himself or herself is reflected in the way he or she behaves, and the way a person behaves affects other people's reactions. In general, the way people think about themselves has a profound effect on all areas of their lives. Shy people, having low self-esteem, are likely to be passive and easily influenced by others. They need reassurance that they are doing “the right thing.” Shy people are very sensitive to criticism; they feel it confirms their feelings of inferiority. They also find it difficult to be pleased by compliment with a statement like this one, “You're just saying that to make me feel good. I know it's not true." It is clear that while self-awareness is a healthy quality, overdoing it is harmful. Can shyness be completely eliminated, or at least reduced? Fortunately. people can overcome shyness with determined and patient efforts in building self-confidence. Since shyness goes hand in hand with a lack of self-esteems, It is important for people to accept their weakness as well as their strengths. Each one of us is a unique, worthwhile individual, interested in our own personal ways. The better we understand ourselves, the easier it becomes to live up to our full potential. Let's not allow shyness to block our chances for a rich and fulfilling life.
害羞是很多人不快乐的原因。害羞的人是焦虑和自觉的；也就是说，他们过分关心自己的外表和行为。令人担忧的想法不断地在他们的脑海中出现：什么样的印象！制作？他们喜欢我吗？我听起来很蠢吗？我穿的衣服不好看吗？很明显，这种不舒服的感觉会对人产生负面影响。一个人对自己的观念反映在他或她行为的方式上，而一个人的行为方式会影响其他人的反应。一般来说，人们对自己的看法对他们生活的各个方面都有深远的影响。害羞的人，自尊心低，容易被动，容易受他人影响。他们需要保证他们做的是“正确的事”。害羞的人对批评很敏感；他们觉得这证实了他们的自卑感。他们还发现很难对这样一句话感到满意：“你这么说只是为了让我感觉良好。我知道这不是真的。”很明显，虽然自我意识是一种健康的品质，但是过度的自我意识是有害的。羞怯能完全消除吗，或者至少能减少？幸运的是。人们可以通过坚定和耐心的努力来建立自信来克服害羞。由于羞怯与缺乏自尊紧密相连，所以人们必须接受自己的弱点和优点。我们每个人都是一个独特的，有价值的人，对自己的个人方式感兴趣。我们越了解自己，就越容易充分发挥自己的潜力。我们不要让羞怯阻碍我们充实充实生活的机会。害羞是很多人不快乐的原因。害羞的人是焦虑和自觉的；也就是说，他们过分关心自己的外表和行为。令人担忧的想法不断地在他们的脑海中出现：什么样的印象！制作？他们喜欢我吗？我听起来很蠢吗？我穿的衣服不好看吗？很明显，这种不舒服的感觉会对人产生负面影响。一个人对自己的观念反映在他或她行为的方式上，而一个人的行为方式会影响其他人的反应。一般来说，人们对自己的看法对他们生活的各个方面都有深远的影响。害羞的人，自尊心低，容易被动，容易受他人影响。他们需要保证他们做的是“正确的事”。害羞的人对批评很敏感；他们觉得这证实了他们的自卑感。他们还发现很难对这样一句话感到满意：“你这么说只是为了让我感觉良好。我知道这不是真的。”很明显，虽然自我意识是一种健康的品质，但是过度的自我意识是有害的。羞怯能完全消除吗，或者至少能减少？幸运的是。人们可以通过坚定和耐心的努力来建立自信来克服害羞。由于羞怯与缺乏自尊紧密相连，所以人们必须接受自己的弱点和优点。我们每个人都是一个独特的，有价值的人，对自己的个人方式感兴趣。我们越了解自己，就越容易充分发挥自己的潜力。我们不要让羞怯阻碍我们充实充实生活的机会。

1、 What does the author try to prove by citing “what kind of impression am I making?”
AShy people benefit from their caring about their appearance
BPeople's shyness made them care too much about their appearance and actions
CIt's natural that shy people don't believe other's compliments
DShy people think they are different from others
正确答案：B

  作者引用“我给人留下了什么样的印象”，试图证明什么？他说：“这是一个很好的选择。”
灰白的人从关心自己的外表中获益
人们的羞怯使他们太在意自己的外表和行为。
很自然，害羞的人不相信别人的赞美
DShy人认为他们与其他人不同 

2、 According to the writer, self-awareness is ______
Aa good quality
Bthe cause of unhappiness
Charmful to people
Da weak point of shy people
正确答案：A

   作者认为，自我意识是____
AA质量好
B不快乐的原因
对人有魅力
害羞的人的弱点

3、 That shy people react to a compliment in such a way is ______
Agood
Bunreal
Cvery reasonable
Dharmful
正确答案：D

   害羞的人对恭维的反应是____
阿戈德
丁腈橡胶
非常合理
达尔富尔

4、 Which of the following statements is true according to the passage?
AShyness enables us to understand ourselves better
BShyness can block our chances for a rich life
CShyness has nothing to do with lack of self-esteem
正确答案：C

   根据这段话，下列哪句话是正确的？
灰暗使我们更好地了解自己。
愚蠢会阻碍我们过上富裕生活的机会。
CShyness与缺乏自尊无关。

5、 It can be inferred from the passage that shy people______
Ashould understand themselves in the right way
Bhad better ignore their weakness
Ccan get rid of their shyness while maintaining low self-esteem

从文章中可以推断，害羞的人____
阿什应该以正确的方式理解自己。
最好不要理会他们的弱点
CCAN在保持低自尊的同时摆脱了害羞。






